Adds pre-commit configuration (#2)
sirwart/secrets: README.md

You can download a prebuilt binary for the latest release from the [releases](https://github.com/sirwart/secrets/releases) page.

### Using pre-commit

`secrets` can work as a plugin for [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) with
the following configuration.

Note that this may require having Cargo and a Rust compiler already installed.
See the [pre-commit rust plugin docs](https://pre-commit.com/#rust) for more
information.

```yaml
repos:
-   repo: https://github.com/sirwart/secrets.git

>     # Set a specific version or branch instead of the default branch (main)
>     # rev: v0.1.2

Author: ```suggestion
    # Set your version, be sure to use the latest and update regularly or use 'main'
    rev: v0.1.3
```
